.TH SIMPLESCREENRECORDER "1" "May 2020" "SimpleScreenRecorder" "SimpleScreenRecorder Manual"
.SH NAME
simplescreenrecorder \- A feature-rich screen recorder that supports X11.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B simplescreenrecorder
[\fI\,OPTIONS\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SimpleScreenRecorder is a feature-rich screen recorder that supports X11.
It has a Qt-based graphical user interface. It can record the entire
screen or part of it. The recording can be paused and resumed at any
time. Many different file formats and codecs are supported.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Show this help message.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Show version information.
.TP
\fB\-\-settingsfile\fR=\fI\,FILE\/\fR
Load and save program settings to \fI\,FILE\/\fR. If omitted,
\fI\,~/.ssr/settings.conf\/\fP is used.
.TP
\fB\-\-logfile\fR[=\fI\,FILE\/\fR]
Write log messages to \fI\,FILE\/\fR. If \fI\,FILE\/\fR is omitted,
\fI\,~/.ssr/log-DATE_TIME.txt\/\fP is used.
.TP
\fB\-\-statsfile\fR[=\fI\,FILE\/\fR]
Write recording statistics to \fI\,FILE\/\fR. If \fI\,FILE\/\fR is omitted,
\fI\,/dev/shm/simplescreenrecorder\-stats\-PID\/\fP is used. It will
be updated continuously and deleted when the recording
page is closed.
.TP
\fB\-\-start\-recording\fR
Start the recording immediately.
.SH "COMMANDS ACCEPTED THROUGH STDIN"
.TP
\fBrecord-start\fR
Start the recording.
.TP
\fBrecord-pause\fR
Pause the recording.
.TP
\fBrecord-cancel\fR
Cancel the recording and delete the output file.
.TP
\fBrecord-save\fR
Finish the recording and save the output file.
.TP
\fBwindow-show\fR
Show the application window.
.TP
\fBwindow-hide\fR
Hide the application window.
.TP
\fBquit\fR
Quit the application.
.SH "FILE LOCATIONS"
The files used by SimpleScreenRecorder can be found in the following locations:
.PP
Settings:
.RS
~/.ssr/settings.conf
.RE
.PP
Logs:
.RS
~/.ssr/logs/
.RE
.PP
Input profiles:
.RS
/usr/share/simplescreenrecorder/input-profiles/
.br
~/.ssr/input-profiles/
.RE
.PP
Output profiles:
.RS
/usr/share/simplescreenrecorder/output-profiles/
.br
~/.ssr/output-profiles/
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
More documentation can be found at:
.br
https://www.maartenbaert.be/simplescreenrecorder/
